MicroservicesPracticals/RentACarApplication/Readme.md, before:

# Details

Details about the projects in this folder.

## Important 

### ApplicationWithNewServices - 15,16 Videos

From Video 16 -

- Implemented Service Discovery with Netflix eureka.

From video 15 - 

- Implemented Service chaining. 
- Available services -

1)Rent service
2)Vehicle service
3)Profile Service(Similar to customer service)

- Users can invoke the rent service by passing the id and the service chaining will happen. (Rent service will get matching details from profile and vehicle services)

### SpringTaskProject - 14 video

### ApplicationWithAuthUI - 7,8,9,10,11,12,13 Videos

## Special Implementations 

video 12- 
- Added authorization code grant type.
- Added separate UI project - rentUI.
- Secured Pages in rentUI. 

video 13- 
- ADDED SINGLE Sign-ON(After logging to the UI, can use the same token to  invoke other services(profile service))
- Get responses and render on the UI.
- Handle basic error handling

### ApplicationWithAuthServer - 7,8,9,10,11 Videos
- Added authentication.
### Important - Springboot version changed to 2.3.12 in order to make authorization compatible with Profile service

### ApplicationWithKeycloak - 7,8,9,10,11 Videos
- Role based authentication is implemented using keycloak. 

### MicroservicesApplication - 7,8,9 Videos
- No role based Authentication. 





## License
Damsak Bandara

Commit message:

Implemented circuit breaker pattern in Microservices - video 18

MicroservicesPracticals/RentACarApplication/Readme.md, after:

# Details

Details about the projects in this folder.

## Important 

### ApplicationWithNewServices - 15,16,17,and 18 Videos

From Video 18 -
- Implemented Circuit breaker pattern.

From Video 17 -
- Added Load balancing

From Video 16 -

- Implemented Service Discovery with Netflix eureka.

From video 15 - 

- Implemented Service chaining. 
- Available services -

1)Rent service
2)Vehicle service
3)Profile Service(Similar to customer service)

- Users can invoke the rent service by passing the id and the service chaining will happen. (Rent service will get matching details from profile and vehicle services)

### SpringTaskProject - 14 video

### ApplicationWithAuthUI - 7,8,9,10,11,12,13 Videos

## Special Implementations 

video 12- 
- Added authorization code grant type.
- Added separate UI project - rentUI.
- Secured Pages in rentUI. 

video 13- 
- ADDED SINGLE Sign-ON(After logging to the UI, can use the same token to  invoke other services(profile service))
- Get responses and render on the UI.
- Handle basic error handling

### ApplicationWithAuthServer - 7,8,9,10,11 Videos
- Added authentication.
### Important - Springboot version changed to 2.3.12 in order to make authorization compatible with Profile service

### ApplicationWithKeycloak - 7,8,9,10,11 Videos
- Role based authentication is implemented using keycloak. 

### MicroservicesApplication - 7,8,9 Videos
- No role based Authentication. 





## License
Damsak Bandara
